Add project zip download links to READMEs (#559)
talkjs/talkjs-examples: howtos/how-to-lock-a-conversation-to-read-only/README.md

## How to run the tutorial

1. Clone or [download this project](https://github.com/talkjs/talkjs-examples/releases/latest/download/howtos.how-to-lock-a-conversation-to-read-only.zip).
2. At the top of the **Chat UI** page of your [TalkJS dashboard](https://talkjs.com/dashboard/), select **Edit roles** and create a new role called "admin".
3. Again on the **Chat UI** page, select to edit the settings for the new admin role. 
4. Go to the **Custom conversation actions** section on the same page, and add a new custom conversation action with a name of "setReadOnly" and a label of "Set Read-Only".
5. Replace `<APP_ID>` in the `index.html` file with the value found in your [TalkJS dashboard](https://talkjs.com/dashboard/login).

> 6. Open `index.html`, or run debug the program in your IDE of choice.

Reviewer: May as well make this one more consistent with the others

```suggestion
6. Open `index.html` to view the chat.

```
